Add Support for MCP's Streamable HTTP server (#1716)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/mcp/client.md

> ### SSE Client

Reviewer: `HTTP Client`

[`MCPServerHTTP`][pydantic_ai.mcp.MCPServerHTTP] connects over HTTP using the [Streamable HTTP transport](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/2025-03-26/basic/transports) to a server.

!!! note
    [`MCPServerHTTP`][pydantic_ai.mcp.MCPServerHTTP] requires an MCP server to be running and accepting HTTP connections before calling [`agent.run_mcp_servers()`][pydantic_ai.Agent.run_mcp_servers]. Running the server is not managed by PydanticAI.

> The StreamableHTTP Transport is able to connect to both stateless http and sse servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Streamable HTTP transport is able to connect to both stateless HTTP and older Server Sent Events (SSE) servers.
```

Before creating the HTTP client, we need to run the server (docs [here](run-python.md)):

```bash {title="terminal (run http server)"}
deno run \
  -N -R=node_modules -W=node_modules --node-modules-dir=auto \

>   jsr:@pydantic/mcp-run-python sse

Reviewer: It's a little unfortunate this is still an SSE server rather then Streamable HTTP, but I'm not going to ask you to update mcp-run-python as well :) However, can you please update note `1` below to state the URL typically ends in `/mcp` for Streamable HTTP servers, and `/sse` for Server Side Event servers?
